Upgrading react-ga to react-ga4 (#48932)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-react-ga4/README.md

# React-GA4 example

> As of this change, [React-GA](https://github.com/react-ga/react-ga ) uses Universal Analytics which will be deprecated in July 1, 2023. Until this is fixed, this example has been updated to use the `React-GA4` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of May 2023, [React-GA](https://github.com/react-ga/react-ga) uses Universal Analytics which will stop processing new data starting July 2023. Until this is fixed, this example has been updated to use the `React-GA4` library.
```

> # React-GA example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# React-GA4 example
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you add a note at the beginning of the README that explains why `react-ga4` is used instead of `react-ga`? Something along the lines of:

```
As of this change, [React-GA](https://github.com/react-ga/react-ga ) uses Universal Analytics which will be deprecated in July 1, 2023. Until this is fixed, this example has been updated to use the `React-GA4` library.
```

Author: I should approve your review but I'm relatively new to pull requests so I didn't know about it, sorry
